README.md, before:

# READMEGenerator 

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-brightgreen)
## Description 
The Motivation for this project was to make an application that would streamline the process of writing a README. The code solves the problems of having to format your own README. It takes in all the information that you need and then outputs a clean and professional-looking README.  through this project I learned how to use the Inquirer Package in depth.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Collaborators](#Collaborators)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation
For this project you have to install the Inquirer Package. To do this, you have to first initialize the folder your working in with NPM, you do this with the command 

`npm init`  

then you have to install inquirer with 

`npm i inquirer`

## Usage
First, you have to set up npm and the inquirer package.
Then, run the index.js file using node with the command:


`node .\index.js`

This will bring you multiple questions you will have to answer. Answer the Questions to the best of your abilities. After you are finished answering the questions, you will find your Brand New README  in the createdReadMe Folder.

## Collaborators
I would like to thank the creator of the inquirer package, without who's code, i could not make this README generator. I would alo like to thank mozilla for their extensive documentation on JavaScript. 

## License
 This application is covered under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
 
## Tests
There are no Tests for this Project.## Questions
If you have any questions, please reach to me via GitHub:

[Chris Koilparampil](https://github.com/Koilparampil)

Or if you would prefer to email me, please email me at:

[koilparampil0126@gmail.com](mailto:koilparampil0126@gmail.com)

Commit message:

added video link to ReadME and fixed UserNameIssue with the index.js

README.md, after:

# READMEGenerator 

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-brightgreen)
## Description 
The Motivation for this project was to make an application that would streamline the process of writing a README. The code solves the problems of having to format your own README. It takes in all the information that you need and then outputs a clean and professional-looking README.  through this project I learned how to use the Inquirer Package in depth.
## Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Collaborators](#Collaborators)
- [License](#license)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Questions](#Questions)
## Installation
For this project you have to install the Inquirer Package. To do this, you have to first initialize the folder your working in with NPM, you do this with the command 

`npm init`  

then you have to install inquirer with 

`npm i inquirer`

## Usage
First, you have to set up npm and the inquirer package.
Then, run the index.js file using node with the command:


`node .\index.js`

This will bring you multiple questions you will have to answer. 

![the inputs for this ReadMe](Assets/img/inputScreenShot.png)


Answer the Questions to the best of your abilities. After you are finished answering the questions, you will find your Brand New README  in the createdReadMe Folder.

A video demonstration can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17gu3rXo4t7GPmZUSdsyBL5HRYuD0Qi2H/view?usp=sharing)

## Collaborators
I would like to thank the creator of the inquirer package, without who's code, i could not make this README generator. I would alo like to thank mozilla for their extensive documentation on JavaScript. 

## License
 This application is covered under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
 
## Tests
There are no Tests for this Project.## Questions
If you have any questions, please reach to me via GitHub:

[Chris Koilparampil](https://github.com/Koilparampil)

Or if you would prefer to email me, please email me at:

[koilparampil0126@gmail.com](mailto:koilparampil0126@gmail.com)
